hi I'm Aubrey and I'm Sarah and we are
the wedding vows I just got engaged and
I did not
we're on an adventure plan the big day
at Sarah's wedding there's going to be a
best man and two of man's best friends
so we headed - barking babies to get the
boys suited up for the big day good boy
good boy
this is mr. mop and this is Brooklyn in
my store bits about the clothing that's
what our focus is so we have cocktail
dresses two tuxedos Wow look at all
these clothes just for canines matches
my dress
they're your baby your baby they're
their babies because since we've been
here they've had a number one and a
number two on the floor but mommy's
gotta clean it up are you a beach baby
he loves the beach why do my dogs bring
out the crazy in me okay so what are the
boys gonna wear for the wedding I texted
up for mr. my good boy
I know for comes a boy but he kind of
looks like a girl it does and they did
it they put poor Brooklyn in a dress
look at this boy look at him I don't
think he's happy I think we should try a
tuxedo they actually are nice like a
dress nice fabric but she'll stretch it
out in your comforts number one no I'll
do I don't think this dog likes clothes
and I can't they kind of look like
they're having a little gay marriage of
their own
but Brooklyn was sure happy when the
treats were brought out so very exciting
hair at barking babies this little guy
just came in his name is Cooper and he's
very cool then he made this letter then
we headed to see Sarah's dog trainer and
prep the boys for their walk down the
aisle a lot of people do want their dog
swap with them down the aisle it is a
really a special day people live with
their pets they love their pets they
want them to be there for the big event
and how many dogs walk down the aisle no
problem I'd say zero percent my toes are
geniuses so they're gonna be the 1% that
can walk down the aisle no problem okay
here we go
so be really exciting pat your leg okay
let's try it with her okay it was clear
Brooklyn wasn't cut out for wedding
party duty but it was starting to look
like mr. mom could be in the running for
best man for shot TV where the wedding
bells